                                                  tt
                                                  tt
ttttt           ttt        tttttttttttt
ttttttttttvvv                       ttt
ttttttttttttt                       ttt
tttttttttttttttt                    ttt
ttttttttttttttttttt                 ttt
tttttttttttttttttt  tt              ttt
tttttttttttttttttt   tttt           ttt
tttttttttttttttt    ttttttt           ttttttttt
tttttttttttttttt   ttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttt    ttttttttt                ttttt
tttttttttttttttt   ttttttttttttt             tttttt
tttttttttttttttt   ttttttttttttttt          ttttttt
ttttttttttttttt    tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
tttttttttttttttt    ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttt    tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
tttttttttttttttt   tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
tttttttttttttt     tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttt    tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
tttttttttttttttt  ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
ttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt
tttttttttttt   tttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt